Are you trying to piss me off?
You hit my mom
You little bastard
You have to talk nonsense
Wait a minute, I'll take you to the Princess Court
I said I'm not going I'm not going
You have to force me to go
How did I give birth to you, a money-losing product?
You secretly carried me back then
Run away with that poor boy
As a result, the poor boy died
You also gave birth to such a tow bottle
I have raised you for so many years
I didn't even get the slightest benefit.
Su Ran, can I tell you?
You either find a rich man to marry
Or you can pay Boss Qin
Otherwise
You girls?
Don't even think about eating and drinking for free in our house
I work a few jobs by myself to support this family
You say we eat and drink for free
Even if I work hard
You still give me to someone else as a lover
Are you still my mother?
Are you still human? Shut up
How dare you yell at me
I want you to marry
You marry
You were born to me
You owe me
Sister, listen to your mother
Then Boss Qin said it all
You just follow him
He can give our family 10 million
10 million
Our Su family can make a comeback
10 million for you
It's useless to give you 100 billion
Don't talk nonsense with him
Send it directly here, someone
Let go of me let go of me
You let me go
Mom let me go
Hahaha baby
You left me
I promise, in the future, I will give you what you want.
Don't come here hahaha, stinky bitch, how dare you hit me
Watch me peel your skin off
Ah ha ah